Create examples for configuration (#531)
packit/packit.dev: content/docs/Configuration/examples.md

{{< details title="Using changelog entry from a file" >}}
```yaml
  changelog-entry:
  - cat .changelog_entry
```
{{< /details >}}

## Examples for jobs
You can find detailed documentation for jobs [here](/docs/configuration#supported-jobs).

### copr_build

{{< details title="Minimal configuration" >}}
```yaml
- job: copr_build
  trigger: pull_request
  targets:
    - fedora-all
```
{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="Using custom Copr project" >}}
Configuring building in Copr project `@oamg/convert2rhel`:
```yaml
- job: copr_build
  trigger: commit
  branch: main
  owner: "@oamg"
  project: convert2rhel
  targets:
  - epel-6-x86_64
  - epel-7-x86_64
  - epel-8-x86_64
```
{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="Using identifiers to differentiate the jobs" >}}
```yaml
jobs:
- job: copr_build
  trigger: pull_request
  identifier: fedora
  targets:
    - fedora-all
    
- job: copr_build 
  trigger: pull_request
  specfile_path: epel8/python-specfile.spec
  identifier: epel8
  actions:
    create-archive:
      - python3 setup.py sdist --dist-dir ./epel8/
      - bash -c "ls -1t ./epel8/*.tar.gz | head -n 1"
  targets:
    - epel-8
```
{{< /details >}}

### tests

> {{< details title="Minimal configuration" >}}

Reviewer: We can use the goal of the job for minimal configuration -- something like "I want to run FMF-based tests for my pull-request." / "I want to trigger the Koji build for new dist-git commits."/...

---
title: Examples 
date: 2022-09-22
weight: 1
---

# Configuration examples 

## Examples for actions
You can find detailed documentation for actions [here](/docs/actions).

### Getting version
{{< details title="Getting version from specfile" >}}
```yaml
    get-current-version:

>     - grep -oP '^Version:\s+\K\S+' my-package.spec

Reviewer 2: ```
rpmspec -q --queryformat "%{VERSION}\n" *spec |head -n1
```
will honor possible macros. This command is part of `rpm-build` package.

Author: thanks! added

```
{{< /details >}}

> {{< details title="Getting version for Python packages with python3" >}}

Reviewer: Maybe via setuptools or setup.py?
```suggestion
{{< details title="Getting version for Python packages from setup.py" >}}
```

```yaml
  post-upstream-clone:
- "wget https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/my-package/raw/main/f/my-package.spec -O my-package.spec"
```
{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="Setting the Sources correctly in case of multiple Sources" >}}
```yaml
  fix-spec-file:
  # define one of the Source variables correctly
  - sed -i my_specfile_path -e "s/https.*only-vendor.tar.xz/my_correct_tarball_path/"
  # fill in %release as if packit would have done it
  - bash -c "sed -i my_specfile_path -r \"s/Release:(\s*)\S+/Release:\1${PACKIT_RPMSPEC_RELEASE}%{?dist}/\""
```
{{< /details >}}

### Custom archive creation
{{< details title="Creating archive with custom make target" >}}
```yaml
  create-archive:
    - make release
    - bash -c "ls -1t ./my-package-*.tar.gz | head -n 1"
```
{{< /details >}}

{{< details title="Creating archive for Python packages with python3" >}}
```yaml
  create-archive:
    - python3 setup.py sdist --dist-dir .
    - bash -c "ls -1t ./my-package-*.tar.gz | head -n 1"
```
{{< /details >}}

### Custom changelog generation
{{< details title="Using changelog entry from a file" >}}
```yaml
  changelog-entry:
  - cat .changelog_entry
```

> {{< /details >}}

Reviewer: @mfocko You are using a very nice example of how to do this interactively, what about putting it here?..;)

## Examples for jobs
You can find detailed documentation for jobs [here](/docs/configuration#supported-jobs).

### Builds

{{< details title="Running builds in Copr" >}}
```yaml
- job: copr_build
  trigger: pull_request
  targets:
    - fedora-all
```
{{< /details >}}

> {{< details title="Running builds in custom Copr project" >}}

Reviewer: What do you (or others) think about using a first-person form?

Something like `I already have a Copr project and I want Packit to use it when triggering the builds.`

Author: I initially liked it, but when I tried to do it that way, I got the feeling the descriptions became too long. But I have no problem with changing to use that form.

Reviewer 3: I'd keep the shorter form.
